Refactor(eos_designs)!: Raise AVD error if sFlow is enabled but `sflow_settings.destinations` is not configured (#4402)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/porting-guides/5.x.x.md

+ mlag_on_orphan_port_channel_downlink: true
```

> ### Raise the AVD error if `sFlow` is enabled on an interface but `sflow_settings.destinations` is not defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### An error is raised if sFlow is enabled on an interface but `sflow_settings.destinations` is not set
```

> In AVD 4.0.0, if `sFlow` was enabled on an interface but `sflow_settings.destinations` was not defined, the sFlow configuration was not generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In AVD 4.0.0, if `sflow` was enabled on an interface but `sflow_settings.destinations` was not defined, the sFlow configuration was still generated for interfaces, although it would not work without "custom structured configuration".
```

> As of AVD 5.0.0, if `sFlow` is enabled on an interface but `sflow_settings.destinations` is not defined, the sFlow configuration is not generated and an AVD error is raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of AVD 5.0.0, if `sflow` is enabled on an interface but `sflow_settings.destinations` is not set, an error is raised and the execution stops.
```

> As of AVD 5.0.0, if `sFlow` is enabled on an interface but `sflow_settings.destinations` is not defined, the sFlow configuration is not generated, and an AVD error is raised.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of AVD 5.0.0, if `sFlow` is enabled on an interface but `sflow_settings.destinations` is not defined, the sFlow configuration is not generated and an AVD error is raised.
```
